JSROOT tests for types/fundamental (#82)
root-project/rntuple-validation: README.md

**Comparison logic**: Each subfolder is assigned a *limiting version*, defined as the smaller of its `write` and `read` versions. A subfolder is only compared against other subfolders whose limiting version is less than or equal to its own.

For example, `read/6.38.00/6.40.00` has a limiting version of `6.38.00` (the smaller of the two). It will be compared against `read/6.36.00/6.36.00` (limiting version `6.36.00` ≤ `6.38.00`), but not against `read/6.40.00/6.40.00` (limiting version `6.40.00` > `6.38.00`).

### Running tests for JSROOT

> To run tests for JSROOT, `nodejs` is required aswell as the node-package of JSROOT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run tests for JSROOT, `nodejs` is required as well as the node-package of JSROOT:
```

```

> npm init -y

Reviewer: In my tests, I didn't need `npm init` - do we need to create a dummy `package.json`?

Author: It is not mandatory. `npm install jsroot` is sufficient as it creates a `package.json`. This command can be left out

npm install jsroot
```

Run `make read_jsroot` to read the generated `.root` files with [JSROOT](https://github.com/root-project/jsroot), a JavaScript library that is capable of reading ROOT files. The supported tests are inside `jsroot`. The resulting `.json` files are stored inside `read/jsroot`.

> `make write` needs to be run in advance to create the `.root` files!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `make write` first to create the `.root` files using the ROOT macros!
```

**Comparison logic**: Each subfolder is assigned a *limiting version*, defined as the smaller of its `write` and `read` versions. A subfolder is only compared against other subfolders whose limiting version is less than or equal to its own.

For example, `read/6.38.00/6.40.00` has a limiting version of `6.38.00` (the smaller of the two). It will be compared against `read/6.36.00/6.36.00` (limiting version `6.36.00` ≤ `6.38.00`), but not against `read/6.40.00/6.40.00` (limiting version `6.40.00` > `6.38.00`).

### Running tests for JSROOT

> Run `make read_jsroot` to read the generated `.root` files with [JSROOT](https://github.com/root-project/jsroot), a JavaScript library that is capable of reading ROOT files. The supported tests are inside `jsroot_tests`. The resulting `.json` files are stored inside `read/jsroot`.

Reviewer: I think I would prefer to just call the directory `jsroot/`
